Update the CLI upgrading topics (#4679)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/comp-mgr/cli/cli-upgrade.md

{% capture ee %}{{site.data.var.ee}}{% endcapture %}
-->

You can upgrade your Magento application from the command line if you installed the software by:

- Downloading the [metapackage][] using `composer create-project`.
- Installing the compressed archive.

> Do not use this method to upgrade, if you cloned the Magento 2 GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use this method to upgrade if you cloned the Magento 2 GitHub repository.
```

Instead, see [Update the Magento application] for upgrade instructions.

## Prerequisites

Complete the following prerequisites to prepare your environment before starting the upgrade process:

- **Complete the Update and upgrade checklist**—To avoid possible errors during installation or upgrading, complete the [Update and upgrade checklist].
- **Set the `pub/` directory root**—If you set the Magento root directory to `pub/`, create another subdomain or docroot that uses the Magento installation directory as its root, and run the [System Upgrade utility] using that subdomain.
- **Check PHP and environment settings**—Verify that your PHP and other environment settings are compatible with the [system requirements].
- **Switch to maintenance mode**—To prevent access to your store while it's being upgraded, switch your store to maintenance mode:

    ```bash

>     php bin/magento maintenance:enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bin/magento maintenance:enable
```

        "Magento\\": "app/code/Magento/",
        "Zend\\Mvc\\Controller\\": "setup/src/Zend/Mvc/Controller/"
    },
    //...
}
```

### Modify the Magento updater

> _Optional_—If the Magento updater is installed (it is located in `update/`) modify it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Optional_—If the Magento updater is installed, modify it (it is located in the `update/` directory):
```

> 1. Backup `update/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Backup the `update/` directory.
```

    {:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}
      If you need to use a repository that contains non-public packages, such as internal sandboxes, change the URL in `--repository` accordingly.

> 3. Remove the old `update/` directory and move the `temp_dir/update/` to the `update/` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Remove the old `update/` directory and move `temp_dir/update/` to the `update/` directory:
```

   ```bash
   rm -rf update
   ```

   ```bash
   mv temp_dir/update .
   ```

   ```bash
   rm -rf temp_dir
   ```

### Update metadata

> Update the `"name"`, `"version"`, and `"description"` fields in the `composer.json` file as desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `"name"`, `"version"`, and `"description"` fields in the `composer.json` file as needed.
```

If the application fails with a  `We're sorry, an error has occurred while generating this email.` error:

1. Reset [file system ownership and permissions] as a user with `root` privileges.

> 2. Clear these directories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Clear the following directories:
```

   - `var/cache/`
   - `var/page_cache/`
   - `generated/code/`
3. Check your storefront in your web browser again.

## Alternatives

> There are alternative ways that provide some automation to the upgrading process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are alternatives methods that automate parts of the upgrade process:
```

1. [Upgrade using the script][] (semi-automated process)

>    Upgrading using the script process is a bit easier and less intensive, if you have not made updates to values that the script affects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Upgrading using the script process is a bit easier and less intensive if you have not made updates to values that the script affects.
```

>    In case you previously made the updates, do not upgrade using the script, because this will override the affected values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you previously made updates, do not upgrade using the script. The script will override your updates.
```

> 2. EXPERIMENTAL: [Upgrade using the custom composer plugin][] (with a custom composer plugin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. EXPERIMENTAL: [Upgrade using the custom Composer plugin][]
```

>    We are developing a solution that would enhance the semi-automated process by a [custom composer plugin][] implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We are developing a [custom Composer plugin][] that enhances the semi-automated upgrade process.
```

> The upgrading scenario is the same for each of these options (both utilize Composer and a command line interface) from the system point of view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upgrading scenario is the same for each of these options. Both use Composer and a command line interface.
```
